# CI7FinalProject
This program was designed and created to calculate the different travel options for a sales team from four different cities. In the program, it will calculate and display different route options based on user selection. Depending on the options the user selects, the program will calculate and display different routes, alternative paths, and/or the cheapest round trip route in order to let the user travel efficiently. In our program, it solves the problem of determining optimal travel routes for the sales team (the user) and ensures that the sales team makes informed decisions in order to maximize their travel efficiency. The program utilizes various functions to achieve desired output. The program also implements a switch case based menu in order to obtain desired user output based on what the user selects. There are three different “main'' functions where we store user choices, calculate route destinations, and calculate the shortest route. The calculations in this program mainly involve determining the shortest and cheapest route in order to maximize travel efficiency. We also implemented a struct for adjacent cities that serves as a data structure for holding the variables and is used to calculate different travel options. The current limitations of the program is that it may not easily be adaptable to accommodate additional cities. To improve the program we could have added an adjacency matrix in order to handle dynamic changes in cities and routes. If we were to scale the program up, I think we would add additional functionality to where the user is allowed to input custom routes or integrate “real-time” traffic information to see which route is most efficient.
